So let me get the metamodel, the PrimaryKey, the field of that PrimaryKey.
Put these two in your local variable.
This is the primaryKeyField.
Fine.
I need to check the name of the column corresponding to that field.
So this is the primaryKeyColumnName.
The metamodel knows the name of that column, getPrimaryKey and GetName.
And I also need the type of that primaryKey.
I can get it from the field, primaryKeyField.getType,
and this is the primaryKeyType.
I have everything I need to know to query the resultSet
for the value of this primary field.
So first of all,
we need to call resultSet.next to tell the resultSet to
advance one step on the table of the results.
This is going to throw some more exceptions.
Our good friend, the SQL Exception,
has been added to this huge list of exceptions we are throwing.
And now, if the primaryKeyType is equal to long.class,
this time,
we are comparing this to the primitive type because we
got this type from the metamodel.
So this type has not been wrapped to a Long.class.
Since this is long, we can get the result form the resultSet,
which we need to be careful because we know that we have stored the
column as an int in a SQL database and not as a long.
So we need to call the getInt method from the resultSet,
pass the primaryKeyColumnName, and put the result in a long,
and this is the value of the primaryKey.
Now that we have the value of the primaryKey,
we need to set this value to the right field of the object we just created.
So most probably, this field is a private field,
so we need to call setAccessible of true and then set the value on this
t object with the primaryKey that we just created.
And this code is going to set the value of the primaryKey to the
corresponding field of the object we are currently creating.
Now if we want to handle other types of primaryKey, you need to add some code here to handle those particular types.